Olwa dev (#115)
hms-networks/flexy-osisoft-connector: docs/CHANGELOG.md

# Flexy OSIsoft Changelog

## Version 3.0.3
### Major Changes
+ None
### Minor Changes

> + Fixed bug when 0 tags added to queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Fixed bug when zero tags are added to queue
```
```suggestion
+ Fixed bug when no tags are added to queue
```
